Subsystems and more complex modelling.
We may need to make subsystems which means you take a part off your model to create a subsystems that
has a certain function.
Your pig model can now be reduced to some small modules that have inputs and produce outputs.
For example the transmission system of a car.
We may have an input from the engine that enters a subsystem of a gearbox and the object goes to another
subsystem which is a differential and so on.
So how to make is subsystem.
Here we have what we call a p idea controller.
If you're not familiar with the p idea controller you can check that patch PDA if any way.
Consider this like any other system and we want to create a subsystem from this system.
Just select all the system right click Create some system from selections or control plus e.g. now a
subsystem is created.
If I double click the system you will find our old systems API view controller.
You will notice that two more plots were added to the system inputs one or in one block and output one
block in subsystem we cannot leave the inputs and outputs signals empty.
So we add or similar link automatically add these blocks which are referenced in our model.
As you can see there is input 1 and output 1.
So when we add input in our project it will be runs a subsystem without any problem and output one will
be taken from this subsystem to our project.
There is another way to make subsystems simply by adding a subsystem plug.
If you want to find it quickly search for subsystem
right click Add to Untitled.
Now for example I can create my module inside the system or simply copy and paste an existing one I
will delete those inputs and outputs signals and my input and output signals to my second systems are
input to an output to.